---
layout: post
title: Uncertainty
---

**What did I do this week?**

This week, I finished up the Netflix project. After actually reading the article on Prof. Downing's website, getting the RMSE to under .95 was trivial. Very happy with how we did, even if getting the whole thing going was quite confusing at first. Other than that, I started preparing for the test tomorrow by practicing implementations or various data structures and functions. Didn't do too much else because we didn't have a project.

**What's in my way?**

I'm pretty nervous about the next project. I'm going to be on a family vacation for 4th of July weekend, so I'm going to need to work REALLY hard on Wednesday and Thursday. I hope I don't let down my group members. Perhaps I'll ask them to let me take care of the spec and some more minor components of the project that I can more easily do from home, not sure yet. It's also my first experience with most of these tools (and webdev in general) so I'm not very confident about my performance on the next project.

**What will I do next week?**

Like I said before, I'm going to spend 99% of my life next week on the project, so I can enjoy the Fourth of July with my family. I will need to talk to my group members so we can coordinate as much as possible, or otherwise have a role that doesn't require much assistance from others. Once we get it all figured out, I think I can do my part of the project in a decent amount of time.

**What did I think of the class this week?**

Class this week was fun. The lecture on *, **, and = was pretty weird because I had no idea python could do that stuff. Thankfully, I understood it pretty well and should have no issue with those operators on the test. I also really appreciated Prof. Downing walking us through how to write an iterator, and giving us a hint as to what kinds of classes we would have to implement on the test.

**Pick of the week!**

[I really like this article, mainly because I like vacations.](https://text.sourcegraph.com/why-vacation-at-tech-companies-should-be-mandatory-better-code-happier-people-d1b549681291#.h93y43wzk) It honestly sounds like wishful thinking (because I mean, who doesn't want guilt-free time off?), but the points are pretty solid. In a way, it forces you to write better code because you won't be there 24/7 to maintain it, thus saving some future programmer the hassle of dealing with ugly legacy code. Also, vacations are fun. 
