---
layout: post
title: Uncertainty
---

**What did I do this week?**

This week, I took the test and spent pretty much all of my Wednesday and Thursday on the IDB project. It's a pretty interesting project because we're dropped into it with pretty much no explanation, and have to learn everything ourselves. I'm on frontend and it's a pretty interesting experience because I have no idea what I'm doing.

**What's in my way?**

While working on frontend is interesting, it's also pretty difficult for me. We got Bootstrap set up, but fine tuning everything and making it pretty is significantly more difficult than setting it up. I'm going to need to spend a lot of time when I get back on the appearance of the website for sure. I also need to figure out Angular for the sort function.

**What will I do next week?**

I'll continue on my portion of the project on Monday, and then finish up a prototype of the website. It's not going to be the prettiest, but I'll be working overtime the next two weeks to ensure it looks as good as I envisioned. We're also going to be implementing the database backend, but I'm not as concerned about that.

**What did I think of the class this week?**

We had our first guest speaker this week. They're interesting because they tell us in more definite terms what we need to do in order to get a job. The focus on advanced software development techniques is kind of overwhelming, but I guess it's good to get that exposure early. I still don't understand how someone can have an entire job dedicated to just unit testing, but I guess my least favorite part of the projects is important (unfortunately).

**Pick of the week!**

[I really like this article, mainly because I like vacations.](https://text.sourcegraph.com/why-vacation-at-tech-companies-should-be-mandatory-better-code-happier-people-d1b549681291#.h93y43wzk) It honestly sounds like wishful thinking (because I mean, who doesn't want guilt-free time off?), but the points are pretty solid. In a way, it forces you to write better code because you won't be there 24/7 to maintain it, thus saving some future programmer the hassle of dealing with ugly legacy code. Also, vacations are fun. 
