---
layout: post
title: It's finally over
---

**What did I do this week?**

My group members got the search function on our project up and running (after some initial hiccups), and my responsibility was to implement the D3 visualization. It wasn't too bad once we got it figured out, but there were some dumb bugs and the example we copied was poorly documented and didn't have any sort of exception handling. If this project has taught me one thing, it's that front-end web development sucks and I never want to do it ever again. I really do not like Javascript and getting stuff to look nice is impossible without the right software. Glad I can cross that off my future employment options. 

**What's in my way?**

At this point, it's really just the final. I did not do great on my final in OOP (the last class I took with Prof. Downing), though I do feel like I have a better grasp on this material. My quiz grades aren't perfect, but I somehow have the top rank in the class even with 6/15 non-12 scores so far. I only need a 71 or so on the final to get an A in the class, so I'm feeling pretty solid, just need to brush up on SQL.

**What will I do next week?**

This week I will be putting the presentation together and presenting our website. We go on Wednesday so we don't have as much time as most of the other groups, but we've worked really hard and thus aren't really behind. Pretty much just waiting on another group's API to be fully implemented before we can finish the visualization.

**What did I think of the class this week?**

We pretty much ignored Python this week and focused on SQL and software engineering techniques. Since Python is way less of a mess than C++ is, there's probably not that much theory to go over anymore. SQL is something that I do really want to learn (as I have just discovered that backend is more of my thing) so it was nice to see it taught in an easy-to-understand manner. I'll need to play with it myself, though.

**Pick of the week!**

I've tried to learn how to use GDB effectively about 85 times, but I always get lost. [This lecture is pretty informative, though not particularly relevant to this class.](http://undo.io/resources/presentations/accu-2016-become-gdb-power-user/) C++ is falling by the wayside in favor of python and other very high level languages, but there's still tons of C++ out there, and more importantly there's tons of bad C++ out there, so a powerful tool like GDB is something I feel like I need to know.
