---
layout: post
title: First blog post!
---

**What did I do this week?**

The project assigned for this week was the Collatz project. As I have done the project before in another of Prof. Downing's classes, I can't say I was particularly productive in regards to CS373. 

**What's in my way?**

My quiz performance has not been up to my standards, as I have gotten 2 7/12 scores, one of which was from not reading the book and the other was because I didn't approach the problem correctly. I'm going to spend a little more time in the future reviewing class material and understanding why things are the way they are, in hopes of applying them to quiz and test questions.

**What will I do next week?**

Unfortunately, my lack of effort put towards the Collatz project this week has caught up with me and I will be spending a good bit of time in the GDC labs tomorrow. I do not expect the project to take me very long because I'm quite familiar with tools like git and Travis-CI (in addition to the python unit testing framework being a little friendlier than Google Tests), but I'm still expecting a good five hours or so. At least nobody will be there because it's summertime.

**What did I think of the class this week?**

As was the case with Object Oriented Programming, I really enjoy Prof. Downing's lectures. I have a relatively short attention span, so I was concerned about my ability to survive a MWF two hour class, but the material is interesting (and relevant enough) to keep me occupied. If you have taken Object Oriented Programming before, expect the first couple lectures to be somewhat redundant with the Collatz lectures you attended, but everything after that is entirely new since you're dealing with a different (and much friendlier) language. Quizzes are still tricky, and punishing if you mess up, but I find that the potential for insane questions on semantics is less than with C++. 

Be warned though, that this is a summer class and Downing does not slow it down. There is a lot of material in each lecture, and it's very easy to fall behind when there is one major assessment (either project or test) per week, as opposed to Prof. Downing's usual schedule of one major assessment every two weeks. The first project is very easy so I'm relatively safe putting off until the day before it's due, but it's still pretty stressful. Once the class picks up, do *not* fall behind. 

**Pick of the week!**

[I found this on Reddit, and thought it was interesting.](http://code.joejag.com/2016/anti-if-the-missing-patterns.html) I generally feel like I use way too many conditionals when I could refactor my code into something more elegant, but I didn't know it was a common issue people had. The workarounds presented here are fairly common sense, but not something I've thought to use usually (other than NullObjects which are incredibly useful.)
